m
you are here we go these great men
it is a very varied landscape very
hilly it's really extraordinary
enter
south orly between the castles the forests
natural parks
there are no more varied than the
yvelines in fact the heavy ones are not there
better in factories this is the event
back to school with three events
important
we start with the hike
Cycling after and then hiking
equestrian
Nordic walking back is a sport
who comes from outside countries he would
that the stick gives speed so
the new sensations the more
long so we'll see where we can walk
on the dish but we will also use
the hair a bit dented on a slope
big lowering big climbs
do not be afraid
at the forest of Rambouillet it is the most
beautiful forest of the world during a big
privilege here is we can go on
all the aisles and so that leaves us
a large 36-minute freedom space
has pretty much I believe he shows himself
here a lot too
the hike is funny web